docs: configure DHIS2 Maps with GeoJSON coordinates (#1050)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/user/configure-the-gis-app.md

> EPSG 4326, you will need to reproject the data first before importing
> into DHIS2.

## Importing coordinates in GeoJSON format { #geojson_creating_setup }

Step 1 - Convert geospatial data to GeoJSON format

Skip this step if your data is already in GeoJSON format using geographic
longitude/latitude.

The recommended tool for geographical format conversions is called
"ogr2ogr". This should be available for most Linux distributions
`sudo apt-get install gdal-bin`. For Windows, go to
<http://fwtools.maptools.org/>and download "FWTools", install it and open
up the FWTools command shell. During the format conversion we also want
to ensure that the output has the correct coordinate projection
(called EPSG:4326 with geographic longitude and latitude). For a more
detailed reference of geographic coordinates, please refer to this
[site](http://www.epsg-registry.org/). If you have already reprojected
the geographic data to the geographic latitude/longitude (EPSG:4326) system,
there is no need to explicitly define the output coordinate system, assuming
that `ogr2ogr` can determine the input spatial reference system. Note that

> most GeoJSON files are using the EPSG:4326 system. You can determine the

Reviewer: are using -> use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
most GeoJSON files use the EPSG:4326 system. You can determine the
```

spatial reference system by executing the following command.

    ogrinfo -al -so filename.shp

> These command assumes your geospatial data is in ESRI Shapefile (.shp) format,

Reviewer: These -> This

> These command assumes your geospatial data is in ESRI Shapefile (.shp) format,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This command assumes your geospatial data is in ESRI Shapefile (.shp) format,
```
